SolidusPaypalCommercePlatform
=============================

The official PayPal integration of Solidus.

Getting Started
---------------

### I already have API credentials

If you already have API credentials, then you'll need to store them somewhere. You can do this directly in the
preferences of the payment method, but we recommend storing your API credentials as an ENV variable and loading
them in as a preference on initialization.

```ruby
# config/initializers/spree.rb
Spree::Config.configure do |config|
  config.static_model_preferences.add(
    SolidusPaypalCommercePlatform::Gateway,
    'paypal_commerce_platform_credentials', {
      test_mode: !Rails.env.production?,
      client_id: ENV['PAYPAL_CLIENT_ID'],
      client_secret: ENV['PAYPAL_CLIENT_SECRET'],
    }
  )
end
```

### I don't have API credentials

In this case, we still recommend following the above flow for security, but we have made a payment method setup
wizard to make it easier to get started. On the payment_methods index page, you'll see a button to set up your
PayPal Commerce Platform payment method. Click on this button and follow the instructions provided by PayPal.
When you return to your app, your payment method should be set up and ready to go.

### Email Confirmation

A confirmed email is required to get paid by PayPal, please make sure that you've confirmed your email before going
live with this payment method.

Wizards
-------

This gem adds support for payment method wizards to be set up. Payment wizards can be used to automatically set up
payment methods by directing the user to a sign-in page for whatever service they're connecting. In this gem, the
user is directed to sign up/in for PayPal, and then give us access to their credentials, which we store in preferences.

To add a payment wizard, add the class where your wizard is stored on initialization:

```ruby
initializer "register_solidus_paypal_commerce_platform_wizard", after: "spree.register.payment_methods" do |app|
  app.config.spree.payment_setup_wizards << "SolidusPaypalCommercePlatform::Wizard"
end
```

The instances of your wizard class should respond to `#name` and `#partial_name`, where `partial_name` will return the path to the partial you'd like to display on the wizard setup section. In our case, we just display a button to direct the user to PayPal.

Installation
------------

Add solidus_paypal_commerce_platform to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'solidus_paypal_commerce_platform'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g solidus_paypal_commerce_platform:install
```

### PayPal Sandbox/Live Environment

This extension will automatically selecte a PayPal environment based on Rails environment so that "production" will be mapped to the "live" PayPal environment, and everything else will be routed to the "sandbox" PayPal environment.

If you want to override these values you can either set `SolidusPaypalCommercePlatform.env` to `"live"` or `"sandbox"` inside an initializer. Or, alternatively, you can set the `PAYPAL_ENV` environment variable to one of the same two values.

Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `bin/rake`. `bin/rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `bin/rake extension:test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bin/rake
```

To run [Rubocop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) static code analysis run

```shell
bundle exec rubocop
```

When testing your application's integration with this extension you may use its factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'solidus_paypal_commerce_platform/factories'
```

Sandbox app
-----------

To run this extension in a sandboxed Solidus application you can run `bin/sandbox`
The path for the sandbox app is `./sandbox` and `bin/rails` will forward any Rails command
to `sandbox/bin/rails`.

Example:

```
$ bin/rails server
=> Booting Puma
=> Rails 6.0.2.1 application starting in development
* Listening on tcp://127.0.0.1:3000
Use Ctrl-C to stop
```

Releasing
---------

Your new extension version can be released using `gem-release` like this:

```shell
bundle exec gem bump -v VERSION --tag --push --remote upstream && gem release
```

Copyright (c) 2020 Nebulab srls, released under the New BSD License
